                FAIRLIGHT PRESENTS : HUNTER - INSTRUCTIONS
               --------------------------------------------

                      TYPED IN 910924/5 BY STRIDER!


THIS GAME IS FUCKING GREAT DUDES! I TOOK THE TIME TO TYPE THEM IN FOR YA SO
NOW TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY TO PLAY IT! GREETS TO ALL OUR FRIENDS OUT THERE!!!


HISTORY
-------

'Land HO!' was the cry from the crow's nest of the Escurial, which woke the
crew of the continental navy at dawn on June 3rd 1773. A few hours later,
the first pale-skinned humans trod the sands of the Archipelago. The first
was the young skipper Captain FAREWELL, followed by Lord Hampstead,
representing the Crown, Sir Humphrey, the expedition's official
cartographer, and half a dozen crewmen.

They first discovered a magnificent beach of almost unbearably white sand,
fringed by tropical vegetation. Brightly-coloured flowers, hidden birds
singing in the treetops, and an omnipresent sun. This island rich in fresh,
pure springs and rivers, the named Felicity.

They then visited all the islands in the Archipelago one after the other.
On the main island, they came across a peaceful race of fisherfolk, who
welcomed them with laughter, song and feasting. These were the people of
the Archipelago, smiling, friendly and generous. The sailors of the
Escurial stayed several months in this paradise before, heavy-hearted, they
set off for a long voyage across the seas. This initial expedition was
followed by many others, and a permanent colony was established in the
Archipelago in 1785, becoming an important staging post for mariners.

Many years later, captain FAREWELL, now a retired admiral, came to live
there. He used all of his influence on the mainland to lay the foundations
of an independent state. But a further half-century of violence, massacres
and bloodshed was necessary before the Archipelago finally obtained its
independence. We are the heirs of these men and women who fought for
freedom and peace. One day perhaps future 'Alexanders' or 'Napoleons' on
the mainland will again look at us as a province ripe for conquest. But on
that day, I know that the people of the Archipelago will rise up as one to
defend these islands, our homeland.

 Preface to 'The Archipelago' by John Spring. August 1984. (C) Ed. Humphrey


                    --- Classified memo TOP SECRET ---

Subject : Creation of an elite HUNTER corps.
Commanding officer : General DARTUS.

The elite HUNTER corps was specifically created to counter the military
threat taking shape on the mainland. The most recent reports to reach us
indicate renewed activity in the naval shipyears opposite to our cities.
All the information in our possession would seem to point to a massive and
imminent invasion of out country.

The Archipelago military HQ, with the agreement of the President, have for
a number of years now allocated considerable funding to the 'HUNTER'
programme and given full power to General Dartus regarding the choice of
his men and the training techniques.
We consider that this option if the only choice left to us and gives us a
chance in the face of the massive resources deployed by the mainland
forces. To fight the enemy on his own terms would be unthinkable, and this
is why we decided to create the elite corps.

The task successfully completed by General Dartus was indeed a formidable
one. In a very short time, he selected the best men from the Archipelago
army and subjected them to intensive training. These men have been
operational for just a few weeks. They are perfectly familiar with the
terrain on which they will have to fight. They are able to survive behind
enemy lines, take advantage of all available cover, use all possible means
of transport and, of course, exploit any flaw in the enemy defenses to
strike a decisive blow.

These elite troops are tireless, intensively trained, invincible, and able
to destroy anything or anybody with any weapon. They can immediately
fulfill any mission HQ entrusts them.


- Dispatch from John Martins, freelance reporter on the Archipelago when
  the invasion occurred -

'The invasion of the Archipelago by the mainland armies is currently
halted, but nearly half of the islands are under the control of the
occupying army.

In a radio broadcast this morning, the President announced that there would
be no rest until the enemy had been completely chased from our shores. This
speech was applauded by the entire population of the Archipelago, which has
already mobilized to repel the invader by all means at its disposal. In
certain circles, the work 'Hunter' can also be heard. These soldiers, who
nobody had previously heard about, are apparently to a large extent
responsible for halting the mainland armies.

Who are they? Where do they come from? Are they as dangerous as it is
believed?

To obtain the answers to these questions, one would probably have to ask
the mainland soldiers who have had to fight them. And when one considers
the forces deployed for this invasion, and their no more than limited
success, one can be forgiven for beginning to believe that the Hunters
really do merit their growing reputation.


LOADING THE GAME
----------------

Insert the tape into the serial port, and then switch off your computer. A
few hours later you will be in the Archipelago. You will see a picture of a
Zelnik, one of these lamers trained in all forms of combat, from head-on
warmonging to backstabbing behind enemy lines. You will be one of them.
Pressing the space bar will give you a choice of several options...
 

MAIN OPTIONS
------------

1. View soldier

This command will give you a view of the character proposed to you. You
will discover his face and his rank and status.

2. Start new game
This command will give you access to a choice of missions. These fall into
three main categories, each of which has its own characteristics and its
own dangers...but all of which are limited to a specific period of time.

2.1 Hunter

Once again, HQ has given you a strategic mission of the highest importance.
Your intelligence, your training and your adaptability will all be needed.
These missions require stealth, efficiency and preservance. You will have
to cross the vast distances of the Archipelago, on both land and sea, from
East to West and from North to South. You will have to penetrate the very
heart of enemy-held territory in search of informers and items vital to the
defense of your homeland. You will often have to confront the enemy in
order to complete your mission.

2.2 Missions

The country needs you. The missions entrusted to you by the senior command
are specific commando operations which have to be completed as quickly as
possible. Whether attacking a building, a radar antenna or a hostile
advanced post, all these targets are part of the overall plan for retaking
the Archipelago. In this case, time is against you. You will need to be
fast, accurate and efficient in all circumstances.

2.3 Action

Hunter... the fate of the free world rests on your shoulders. The last
great battle against the occupier began a few hours ago. You have been
trained for years in anticipation of this day. You are the cornerstone of a
system which will sow confusion among the ranks of the enemy. They will do
everything to stop you since they know that you are the grain of sand which
can cause theie entire strategic machinery to seize up. The free people of
the whole Archipelago are counting on you. Do not dissapoint them!

2.4 Cancel

This command enables you to return to the previous choice if you wish. You
will return to 'MAIN OPTIONS' where you can choose either one or other of
the item.


3. Disk options

This command will give you access to other commands for loading or saving
games in progress. This will enable you to modify your character from
simple soldier to officer and keep the objects you have discovered. Saving
your games as you go along will also enable you to keep the credits
accumulated after each decisive blow struck against the enemy and, of
course, after each successful mission. These credits can be used to
purchase equipment from your side's stores. Be careful however, since it is
also possible to loose credits by killing animals or innocent civilians, or
destroying monuments.

You can enter this menu at any time by striking the ESC key. Before saving
anything, you must initialize a data disk by activating option 3.3 - Init
disk. The number of times you can save and the size of the names given are
limited.

3.1 Load game

Loading a game which had already been started. Simply click on the name of
the game you wish to continue.3.2 Save game

Saving a game in progress. Enter the name under which you want to save your
game, and then hit Return.

3.3 Init disk

Initialization of backup disk.

3.4 End

This command is used to return to the main menu (MAIN OPTIONS) in order to
make a new choice.

4. Demo

Demonstration... This will give an animated presentation of the entire
game.


BEGINNING A MISSION
-------------------

1. Presentation of the mission

You have now made your choice... Whatever the type of mission chosen, the
process is always the same. When you have clicked on the corresponding
item, the computer will ask you to enter your name. You can choose any name
you like, but do not forget that this will be the name you use to save your
character. After typing this name in on the keyboard, click the mouse again
and your character and the title of your mission will appear. Whatever the
mission given to you, it must be accomplished within the time allotted to
you along with the mission itself. HQ has decided that you are one of the
soldiers best qualified to conduct this operation... but you must complete
it and return to base before the date and time specified. Otherwise...

Click once more, and you will enter the world of HUNTER...

2. Description of the screen

Here you are in the world of Archipelago. You are at the entrance to the
HQ. Around you is a 3-D universe which you will be able to move around
easily... as soon as you have learned the instructions given in this
manual!

2.1 The border

At the bottom of the screen, a border gives you a certain amount of
information, from left to right :

* Coordinates

These enable you to locate yourself within this universe. X represents the
horizontal coordinates, ascending from left to right. Y represents the
vertical coordinates, ascending from top to bottom.

* Clock

This will inform you of the date and the time. You will not be given this
item at the beginning, and you will have to find it during one of the
missions entrusted to you and then activate it (see equipment table). The
clock is vital in that it tells you how much time you have left to complete
your mission...* Radar screen

When you have a 'portable radar unit' and it is active (see equipment
table), you will see a central cross-hair which represents you. Around you,
points of light correspond to all items liable to move; other soldiers,
civilians, but also animals and vehicles.

* Life points

This vertical bar is completely red when you create your character. But if
you are wounded or tired, this bar will gradually but relentlessly fade
away.

* Weapons and equipment

The weapon you have IN HAND at any one time is permanently displayed in an
icon located to the right fo the life points. By clicking this icon with
the mouse, you can call up the various weapons in your possession. To the
left of this icon, and according to the weapon selected, a figure appears
in the small box informing you of the number of rounds available. Display
of the pistol with figure 73 means that you are holding a pistol with 73
rounds left. Similarly, display of a grenade and the figure 4 means that
you have a total of 4 grenades (including the one you are holding).

You can also call up your equipment reserves in this icon. This time, the
left-hand figure represents the number of equipment units you are carrying.
For example, you will have 1 clock, 2 medical kits, etc. (see 2.2 -
'equipment table' for more details on the equipment and how to use it).

* Credits

At the beginning of the first mission, you have exactly 0000 credits. You
can increase this number by successfully completing a mission, by
destroying enemy targets, whether or not planned for your missions, or by
killing enemy soldiers... But be careful, since credits can also be
negative if you kill an innocent civilian or animal (even if accidentally),
but also if you destroy civilian buildings or allied vehicles.

* Speak

By clicking this word with the mouse, it is possible to question a person
(soldier or civilian) encountered during a mission. You will thus be able
to obtain important information.

* Give

By clicking this word, you will automatically activate the equipment table,
from which you will then be able to choose the object you wish to give. By
then clicking this object, you will give it to the person, who will be free
to either accept it or refuse it.

* Quit

By clicking this word, you can stop the game. You will then have several
options, described under the general title 'GAME OPTIONS' :

 * Return to game

 By clicking this option, you will return to the mission, at the point you
 left off.

 * Briefing
 By clicking this one, you can again read the description of your mission.
 By clicking a second time, you will return to the game.

 * Disk option

 Similar to that described in '3. Disk options', except for the END option,
 which this time will return you to 'GAME OPTIONS', and not to 'MAIN
 OPTIONS'.

 * Quit game

 If you click this option, and after confirming, you will return to 'MAIN
 OPTIONS'.

* Fuel tank

When you use a motorized vehicle, this gauge marked 'FUEL' will give you a
permanent reading of the fuel level in the tank. This gauge comprises two
parts : the main tank and the reserve. When you go onto reserve, the
corresponding gauge will start flashing to warn you that you are close to
running out of fuel!

* Disk

This item is located to the right of the 'FUEL' gauge and will enable you
to save the game in progress without having to stop playing. This means
that you can resume a game at the point you saved it.

* Text box

It is in this box that all information you discover during the mission will
be written, as will all information concerning the equipment you use. This
box can also be used for dialogue, for warnings or to display the credits
obtained. Always keep an eye on it!

2.2 Equipment table

You can use the mouse to find out what equipment you are carrying. Raising
the cursor (small arrow) above the lower border will call up a series of
icons representing your possessions. You will see that 'TIME' stands still
as soon as you access this table. This gives you the time to make an
unhurried choice of the object you wish to use.

By clicking one of these icons, you will see it appear in the border
window in the bottom left-hand corner. To the left of this window, the
figure gives the number of units of this 'object' that you are carrying
(not forgetting that the number is limited, for example, you cannot carry
more than two units of fuel, etc.). By clicking a second time, you will use
this object according to its specific characteristics. A weapon will be
fired or explosives will be laid using the 'FIRE' button on the joystick
(see the chapter on 'Using the joystick').

Here are a few examples of the objects you will be able to find :

* Fuel

Jerricans of fuel. These jerricans (you will be able to carry no more than
2) will enable you to fill the tanks of the vehicles you use.

* Clock

This clock will give you the date and time. By clicking this icon a first
time, you will activate the clock. Click it a second time to deactivate it.

* Portable radar unit

This will enable you to activate the radar screen (see 2.1 - THE BORDER).
Activate it by clicking this icon once, deactivate by clicking a second
time.

* Log book

This item is vital. By clicking this icon once (small red book marked
'LOG'), you will call up a plan of part of the Archipelago. On this plan, a
white dot corresponds to your position. To the right of this plan, you will
be able to choose between several items. Whatever the mission, you will
always see the 'ALLIED HQ' and the 'ALLIED STORES' items.


Depending on the mission entrusted to you, you will have other items (e.g.
'FUEL TANKER') to help you complete it. By for example clicking the 'ALLIED
STORES' item, you will see a dot light up on the left-hand map. This light
dot corresponds to the exact location of the stores. When another item is
clicked, the first dot disappears, and another appears somewhere on the
map.

You will then be able to find out where you are at all times. This log-book
will also allow you to add any items that you have yourself encountered. To
do this, two options are proposed on the left of the screen.

 * Add items

 If you click this proposal, you can add a new item under the existing ones
 (for example : 'ENEMY FORT'). You need then simply give the corresponding
 X and Y coordinates to see a new dot light up on the map when you click
 'ENEMY FORT' (still using the same example).

 * Remove items

 The reverse operation is self-explanatory. Finally, the 'RETURN TO GAME'
 option will return you to the main game phase.

* Map

By clicking this icon, you will call up a map of the Archipelago overlaid
on the main game phase. On this map there are two points - your position
and the last item requested on the log-book. This map can remain displayed
on the screen while you play. To erase it however, click this icon a second
time.

* Medical kit

This medical kit will be useful when, for whatever reason, your character
has lost life points. By clicking this item, you will automatically use a
medical kit unit and recuperate a certain number of life points. Be
careful, as you can only carry a certain number of medical kits! You will
sometimes find large quantities of them in a hospital and this will be one
of the intresting items which are worth recording in the log-book.

* Flares

At night, flares will enable you to see around you for a short time. By
clicking the corresponding icon, you will fire a flare. Here again, you can
only carry so many of them.

* Aerial observation drones
By clicking this icon (picture of a satellite antenna) you will launch one
of these drones (Drone no.5?! Hihi) and discover a more detailed plan of
the region around you. Several items are proposed to the right. By clicking
one of them, the other items shown on the map will be erased to give a
clearer representation of those you have requested.

When you release the pressure, all items return. The options are as
follows.

 * Building

 By clicking this item, you will only see houses, forts and other habitable
 buildings.

 * Vehicle

 You will only see vehicles, although you will be unable to tell whether
 they are tanks, boats, or others. Nor will you know whether or not they are
 occupied.

 * Structure

 You will only see uninhabitable buildings, such as monuments.

 * Ground gun

 You will only see these items, ranging from anti-aircraft batteries to
 missile launchers.

 * Person

 All human beings will show up on your map, but you won't know if the are
 Allied, Enemy or Civilians.

 * Resume

 Finally, the 'Resume' item enables you to return to the main phase.

* Parachute

The parachute will enable you to jump from a helicopter or aeroplane in
flight. To do this, click the picture of the parachute and you will
automatically jump from the aircraft carrying you.


Now here are some examples of the weapons you can find, or acquire from
'Allied Stores'. It should be noted that unlike non-combat equipment,
weapons remain displayed in the border icon, indicating the type of weapon
you have in hand. Selection is either with the mouse directly in the
Border, or by pressing the Enter key on the keyboard.

* Pistol

This is the standard issue, 89 modified mark WW83 pistol. You two will be
inseparable. This 9mm calibre weapon is a powerful arm at close quarters
and you will be able to use it either by clicking the 'Pistol' icon on the
equipment table, or by directly clicking on the icon in the border until
this weapon appears. Firing is then controlled from the joystick.

* Bazooka

This is a formidable weapon, in particular for destroying and enemy tank,
house or radar antenna. This bazooka is a fairly short, one-shot,
disposable tube containing a high-penetration rocket. To use it, the method
is exactly the same : click the image and then fire with the button on the
joystick.

* Time bombs

Two blocks of Super-Detonite connected to a timer fuze can be used to blow
up a house or building by placing the charge along a wall. To place one of
these charges, simply click this image and then press the fire button on
the joystick. You will thus lay a primed charge which will explode a few
seconds later (giving you just enough time to reach a safe distance).

* Landmines

These will explode as soon as someone or something touches them. You can
place them at strategic points using a procedure similar to that used for
the timed explosives. Click the image and place your mine at your present
location.

* SAM (Surface-to-Air Missile)

The SAM is the pilot's nightmare. It is fired from the ground at a flying
target and leaves the helicopter or airplane no chance. Lightweight and
deadly, it can be carried easily... Click this image... Aim carefully (by
pointing your character towards the target)... And fire!

2.3 Main Table

This table offers you a 3-D external view, which means that you can see
your character as well as everything around it.

3. Using the mouse

3.1 Consulting the equipment table

The mouse enables you to consule the equipment table and use the objects
you have discovered during the course of your mission.

To do this, refer to the description of these objects in chapter 2.

3.2 Equipment table

This list is intentionally incomplete but does contain the more important
items. Nonetheless, to use a simple object, simply click on the
corresponding image in the 'Equipment table'. If a weapon, the mouse only
enables you to select it, or in other words pick it up. You will need to
use the joystick to fire it.

3.3 In the border

The mouse enables you to select weapons from the border window. It will
also enable you to SPEAK, GIVE or QUIT. For more details, see chapter 2.1 -
The Border.

3.4 In the stores

The stores in fact only contain weapons. The following table represents all
the choices open to you. Each weapon is accompanied by a number of
corresponding to the stocks of this weapon in the stores.

If you click one of these icons, you will return a unit of this weapon to
the stores.

At the bottom of the screen, you will find the same icons, but this time
representing your own possessions. The figurre corresponds to the units of
each weapon you possess. By clicking one of these icons, you will take a
unit of this weapon from the stocks, up to the maximum allowed to you.

Finally, the last three choices, 'CLEAR' which returns everything to stores
and cancels out all your possessions, 'AUTO' which will automatically give
you a certain quantity of each weapon, and 'END' which will take you out of
the stores. Click on one of these choices.

4. Using the joystick

4.1 Moving on foot

The joystick will enable you to move your character around this
three-dimensional world. Push the joystick forwards to move towards the
back of the screen. Pull back to move towards the front of the screen. The
sideways positions will enable you to move to one side or other of the
screen. By pushing the joystick to the right, the character on foot will
always move to the right of the screen. When he encounters an object,
generally indoors, but sometimes outdoors, he need simply to move over it
to include it in his 'Equipment table'. If he cannot take this object
because he has already reached the maximum number allowed, the object will
be considered an obstacle.

But, as the name implies, the Archipelago to a large extent consists of
water. If you wish, you can swim across sea channels bu simply continuing
to walk forwards when you reach the shoreline of an island... but watch out
for fatigue... and for the sharks who are never far away!

4.2 Other types of movement

You can use the various vehicles you find, provided of course that they
are unoccupied. To do this nothing could be simpler. Simply touch the
vehicle to find yourself automatically at the controls.

With one notable exception, which will be presented later on, all the
vehicles obey the same laws of movement. By pushing the joystick forwards,
you startup and accelerate. Pull back to slow down and stop. The sideways
positions can be used to turn to one side or the other, but still with the
vehicle as the reference point. Thus, when you push the joystick to the
right, the vehicle will always turn to its right (unlike foot movement
which depends on the screen). Finally, the space bar is used to get out of
the vehicle.

The one exception is the helicopter. To start the rotors, push the joystick
forwards and press the button at the same time. Keep this position to gain
altitude. But a helicopter cannot be controlled like a simple tank... A
shade too much to one side or the other means a certain crash! When you
have managed to take off, the angle of forward tilt will control the
acceleration. Landing is by pulling back the joystick with the button
pressed.

Good luck, since landing is easily as dangerous as take-off. When driving a
motorized vehicle, you can choose to jump out with the vehicle in motion.
To do this, press the space bar without stopping the vehicle first. The
vehicle will continue in a straight line until it hits an obstacle. When
the vehicle is a helicopter however, it is better to use the parachute.

All motorized vehicles need fuel to operate. You will therefore need to
fill the tank regularly. To do this, activate the 'Equipment table' and
click once on the icon representing your fuel reserves. You can repeat this
operation until the tank is completely filled. But be careful or waste,
since you will often have to change transports, either for simple reasons
(changing terrain) or when forced (vehicle destroyed by enemy defenses).
But in any case, the fuel in the tank cannot be recovered and is therefore
lost.

In the APPENDICES, you will find more details on the main types of
vehicles.


4.3 Using weapons

Weapons are easy to use. After selecting your weapon with the mouse, or
with the Enter key on the keyboard, pressing the button on the joystick
will fire a projectile straight ahead... Be accurate... If you have chosen
to lay an explosive charge, pressing the fire button on the joystick will
place a unit of this explosive charge next to you.

For more details on these weapons, refer to 2.2 - Equipment table.

5. Using the keyboard

The keyboard can replace the mouse to a certain extent. You can in
particular use the various items you have discovered. For example :

* ESCAPE

This key returns yo to 'GAME OPTIONS' (see the QUIT option in chapter 2.1 -
The border).

* R

Activation of the portable radar unit. By pressing a second time, it is
deactivated.

* P

Pause... Press again to return to game.

* RETURN

With this key you can select weapons one after the other.

* A

This key will launch an aerial observation drone.

* F

This key will fire a flare.

* L

Consult log-book.

* C

Clock. Press once to activate clock, press again to deactivate.

* ?

Overlaid map. Activate. Deactivate.

* SPACE BAR
To get out of a vehicle.

* ARROW UP

Rear zoom.

* ARROW DOWN

Forward zoom.


APPENDICES
----------

1. Night and day

Your missions will often last several days. You will quickly find out that
nights on the Archipelago are dark indeed. Light begins to fade in early
evening and complete nightfall occurs around midnight. Without flares you
will have difficulty in distinguishing land, water, buildings and even the
time and your coordinates... So do not waste them.

2. Rank

If you are fast and effective, HQ will reward you accordingly. You can be
promoted to sergeant, lieutenant, captain... or why not higher.

3. Vehicles

* Truck

Military type with reinforced chassis but no armour. Four wheel drive and
power steering.

* Car

Civilian car. No weapons and no armour.

* Ambulance

Generally close to a hospital. No special armour. But do not delude
yourself as to the protection offered by the red cross. As far as the enemy
is concerned, it is a more clearly visible target than anything else.

* Tank 1

Sheridan type. Lightweight, fast tank designed for surprise attack. Armed
with an 80mm gun, it has considerable power. Its light weight and powerful
engines wll enable you to turn on a sexrtring.

* Tank 2

Angus type. Heavy tank designed for a frontal assault. Its top speed and
handling qualities are far inferior to those of the Sheridan, but its
combination of weight, armour and 80mm gun make it a highly dissuasive
weapon, in particular when fighting in open country.

* Launch

Equipped with two 200 HP outboard motors, this launch only has one enemy :
the homing torpedo.

* Hovercraft

This aircraft cushion vehicle will carry you over both land and sea. Its
advantages are clear as it will do away with the interminable footslogging
between two vehicles.

* Windsurfer

This means of transport has the distinct advantage of requiring no fuel.
Jump onto the board and let the wind fill your sail. The crossing will of
course be longer than in the launch... but your favourite sport is worth
any sacrifice if the wind is there!

* Rowing boat

Grab the oars and row... you might even be able to pass for an innocent
fisherman!

* And many others that you will discover as you go along...

4. Animals

On land and at sea, you may meet many animals, innocent yet sometimes
aggressive. Some may be used for food, but be careful. If for example you
kill a gull, even accidentally, you will lose credits. Others, such as
sharks or bulls, can injure you, sometimes seriously.

5. Advice

* Never forget that you must complete your mission within the given time.

* When you take an object for the first time, check the equipment table to
  familiarize yourself with its symbol. That way you will be able to
  recognize it more quickly when you need it.

* Don't waste ammunition.

* Don't worry... flying a helicopter needs training!

* Don't sail too close to the shoreline.

* Respect civilians but have no mercy on the enemy!

* Good luck Hunter... The future of the Archipelago is in your hands!!!


---------------------------------------------------------------------------


HUNTER REFERENCE CARD
---------------------

Hunter commands using the keyboard :

* ESCAPE

This key returns yo to 'GAME OPTIONS' (see the QUIT option in chapter 2.1 -
The border).

* R

Activation of the portable radar unit. By pressing a second time, it is
deactivated.* P

Pause... Press again to return to game.

* RETURN

With this key you can select weapons one after the other.

* A

This key will launch an aerial observation drone.

* F

This key will fire a flare.

* L

Consult log-book.

* C

Clock. Press once to activate clock, press again to deactivate.

* ?

Overlaid map. Activate. Deactivate.

* SPACE BAR

To get out of a vehicle.

* ARROW UP

Rear zoom.

* ARROW DOWN

Forward zoom.


Hunter commands using the mouse :

The mouse enables you to consult the equipment table which appears when you
move the mouse pointer above the border. You can then select a weapon or an
item you have discovered during the course of your mission. Most of these
items are described in the manual (see paragraph 2.2 - 'Equipment table').


Using the joystick

Moving your character :

Your character can be moved in the following eight directions :
 
          N

       NW   NE
      
       W     E

       SW   SE
          S


Just push the joystick in the desired direction and your character will
follow. To immobilize your character, place the joystick in the middle
('Neutral') position.


Directions available for all land vehicles :

          N

       NW   NE

       W     E



          S


* N

Accelerate.

* NE

Accelerate while turning right.

* E

Turn right.

* NW

Accelerate while turning left.

* W

Turn left.

* S

Slow down/stop.


Exception : The helicopter.

To start up or accelerate : 

Push the joystick up (N) and press the button at the same time to speed up
rotors.

To stop or slow down :

Pull the joystick towards you while pressing the button.
By pushing the joystick up (N) only, the helicopter will lose altitude. By
pulling the joystick towards you (S) the helicopter will gain altitude.


In general :

The joystick button applies to the weapon you are CURRENTLY USING. Weapons
are automatically selected accordingly to the type of vehicle chosen.

A word of advice : To advance as quickly as possible in your mission, we
suggest that you save the game regularly.

GOOD LUCK DUDE!

PUH! Finally! Fucking big dox! But the game is AWESOME and it was WORTH it!
So enjoy the game people! And... NO I did not have a OCR reader for this!!!