These Docs were converted to the ST By Orinocho Of The Wombles

          _______            ________   _______   ________   ________
         /\_____/\ /\       /\_____ /\ /\______\ /\__/\__/\ /\______/\
        /_/____/ // /      /_/_____/ //_/____   / / / / / //_/_____/ /
       /\______\// /      /\______/ / \_____/\ / / / / / //\______/ /
      / /       /_/_____ / /     / /_______/ // / / / / // /     / /
      \/        \_______\\/      \/ \______\/ \/  \/  \/ \/      \/(C)THOR 92


                FORMULA ONE GRAND PRIX BY MICROPROSE SOFTWARE

                        DOX TYPED BY THOR OF PLASMA UK

INTRODUCTION
------------

  You've watched the Formula One Grand Prix season on television.  You've 
followed the Championship battle and the duel between the worlds top two 
dozen drivers.  You've read the sports reports, the features in the glossies
and gaped at glamourous lifestyle pictures in gossip magazines.  But you've 
never known what it's like to strap yourself into that sleak cockpit, to put
on the brightly coloured helmet and wait on the starting grid for the green 
light to propel you into a full sixteen race Grand Prix season.  Now you can
take the wheel for the challenge to your driving skills!

  Microprose Formula One Grand Prix leaves nothing to your imagination.  The
legendary Geoff Crammond, of Revs and Stunt Car Racer fame, has designed the
simulation that puts you right in the driver's seat.  However, the simulation
is not just about races, it's an attempt to show the complex decisions that 
have to be made by teams when setting-up a car to race on a particular 
circuit.  Can your car take more wing? Should you re-adjust the gear ratios?


  What about the Rookie Driver who has never actually driven a car? We have 
included a Quickstart Learner's First Lesson that guides the Rookie through 
Several laps of the famous Monza circuit.

  Unlike most racing games Microprose Formula One Grand Prix is packed full 
of detailed scenary from the original 16 circuits.  If you have time, you can
admire the yacht in the harbour at Monaco or the Dome at Mexico City!

  Microprose Formula One Grand Prix gives you the complete racing driver 
experience from the stormy start to the fiery finish!

OVERVIEW
--------

  Microprose Formula One Grand Prix is a complete simulation of the full 
Championship Season.  At the end of the 16 races there are two trophies to be
won: the Drivers'and the Constructors'Championship. 

  It's always tough to win even one Grand Prix race and, at the highest level
we think you'll find it very difficult.  However, for less experienced 
drivers we have included 5 levels of difficulty with 6 major driving aids 
that, when fully implemented, will leave you free to race the car on a 
previously defined ideal line.  You can even choose to re-distribute the 
driving performance of all the other drivers.

  You can win the Championship at the lowest level of difficulty but it will
only be at the highest level that you will receive the ultimate accolade.
  
  The major elements of the simulation are:

  Quickstart Driving Tutorial

  A drive through of the Monza circuit for the Rookies.  The best way to get 
to grips with controlling the F1 car and to get to know the circuit.

  Cockpit and Car Controls

  Understand and learn all cockpit controls until everything becomes second 
nature to you.  Get used to looking in both mirrors and being aware of what 
is Šgoing on behind you.

  Car Set-up

  You must find out how your car behaves on each circuit with various set-ups
for the wings, tyres, brakes and gears.  Don't be afraid to experiment!  As 
you improve and hone your driving skills, you will appreciate the value of 
such things as the correct wing downforce.

  Driving into the Pits 

  It's essential to know where your Pits are on every circuit and be able to
get in and out safely and quickly.

  Practice any Circuit

  Use these sessions to practise set-ups, driving styles and to get to know 
all  the circuits.  You are alone on the circuit and there is no pressure to 
get a fast time.  Get an impression of what should be a good lap time on every 
circuit.

  Free Practice 

  Acquaint yourself with the way the other cars are performing and what the 
tactics they use for overtaking. This practice is used for setting-up your 
car before qualifying practice, and you will get an idea of what a circuit 
is like with other cars roaring around it.

  Problems with your car

  A chance to review the way your car is handling around the circuit and be 
directed towards possible solutions.

  Qualifying/Timed Practice

  Try to achieve a good grid placing.  There will be more pressure on you at
this point.  Understand the limited life of qualifying tyres.

  Pre-race practice

  Your last chance to test and modify your chosen set-up before the race.

  A Non Championship Race 

  Compete in a full Grand Prix with all the drivers going flat out to win.  
Learn how to make a good racing start when the green lights come on.  Keep an
eye on the developing pattern of the race. Avoid shunts becoz they will 
impair the car's handling and performance.

  Pit Stops during a race 

  Practice driving into the Pits quickly and effciently for a timed tyre 
change and then straight out again on the circuit.

  The Complete F1 Season 

  If you are proffcient at all the above then you will be ready to undertake
a full racing season at the level of your choice.  Can you survive sixteen 
difficult races?

  End of Season Championships

  The tables in the driver's and constructor's Championship.

  The Manual

  For more background and imformation on the Grand Prix atmosphere.

QUICKSTART DRIVING INSTRUCTIONS
-------------------------------

  This manual will refer to the Accelerator, the Brake, Changing Gear and 
Steering.  You will be able to control these functions by keyboard and 
joystick.  Key K toggles Keyboard/Joystick mode.  The simulation is initially
in Joystick Mode; the recommended  method.

  If you have a Joystick fitted on your computer study diagram 1 below
         
           ACCELERATE     
                
              /|\

TURN LEFT   <- O ->  TURN RIGHT 

              \|/   O - FIRE BUTTON / SELECTOR 

             BRAKE

Accelerate + select = change gear up

Select while not accelerating = change gear down

KEYBOARD CONTROLS
-----------------

    A = Accelerate          A + SPACE = Change Gear Up
    Z = Brake               SPACE and not A = Change Gear Down
    < = Turn left
    > = Turn right

    Space bar = Selector

 The simulation does not support mouse control, except during menu selection.
The keyboard cursor keys can also be used to highlight menu options.

ONE LAP OF MONZA FOR ROOKIES
----------------------------

  Loading 

  Install and/or load the simulation as explained in the Technical Supplement
and follow any on-screen prompts until you see the main menu.

  Choose Race set-up options.  Find Race Distance and reduce the figure to 
10%

Find Level of Difficulty and select Rookie.  Return to main menu.

  Highlight the Driver Select Menu.

  Select a driver and, if you wish, you may delete the name using  the 
backspace key an d type in your own name.  Press the Selector again.  Then 
select 'Driver Selection Complete'.

  Highlight Practise any circuit with your Controller and press the selector.

  Highlight the circuit select menu.

  Select Monza.  You will see a view of the circuit.  Choose info.  This
gives you the lap records and distance.  Select OK.

  You will now find yourself in the Pits at Monza, Italy.

  Look at the cockpit controls. Accelerate with the controller and listen to
the engine noise.

  Press the Function Keys F1, F2, F3, F4, F5 and check that each function key
has illuminated 5 of the 6 symbols that appear on the dash board panel.  Each key turns on a driving aid to help you control the car.  Do not  press 
function key F6.

  You will not need to worry about changing gear or braking.  You may crash 
if you stray from the racing line, but you will not be damaged by any shunt.
If you should spin off, the car will right itself, once it has come to a 
rest.  It will face the correct direction to continue the race.

  Turn to page 90 in the manual.  You will see a diagram of the track at 
Monza.  Find the start line then follow the circuit with your finger to the 
finish line.  Keep a marker in the manual on this page.

  Monza is an excellent circuit to practise on.  It's fast with some good 
corners that let you get in a good driving rhythm.  It has also lots of open
spaces where you can leave the track without crashing into concrete walls.

  You are still in the Pits, on the jack.  Press the selector and when you 
have been lowered accelerate using your controller. you will begin to move  
forward.  If not then check that you have pressed Function key F2 and that 
the symbol is lit on the display.

  When you leave the pits you will then join the circuit by driving to one 
side of a yellow dotted line.  Once you are on the circuit the yellow line 
will disappear and you will see a white long dotted line; like the line that
divides two-way traffic in a normal road.  Try to line up the middle of the 
steering wheel with the dotted line as you move round the circuit.  This is 
the best driving line; the ideal path to take so that you can go into bends 
at the fastest possible speed.

  The first bend at Monza turns to the left then quickly to the right 
followed  by another left and right.  This is a double chicane called the 
Variante Goodyear. 

  If a joystick is being used, press 'space' to pause the simulation. 
otherwise, press P.

  Find the Variante Goodyear on your manual map and also examine the 
following bend: the Curva Grande.

  Now press the pause key again to re-start the game.

  You should now see a white sign with a black arrow bending to the left.  
Then countdown markers signs: 200 and 100.

  These signs tell you how many meters to go before the approaching left hand 
bend.

  Steer carefully around the chicane.  Try to follow the dotted line, even 
sometimes it appears to be aiming away from the track.

  Continue along the short straight and steer around the long sweeping right-
hander Curva Grande.  You will find  that you can drive through this corner 
quite fast.

  Just after the blue bridge you will see another sign warning you of a right
turn.  Press the Pause key to pause the game and have another look at the map
in the manual.

  This is the Curva della roggia: another chicane.

  Look ahead on the map to the next 3 bends.  Try to imagine what they look 
like from your cockpit view.

  Press the pause key to continue.

  Steer through the chicane then carefully along the two right-hand curves.  You will then see a long downhill straight.

  Accelerate on the straight.

  Take time to glance at the red gear indicator on the right of the steering
wheel at the car changes gear automatically.  listen to the sound of the 
engine and watch the red power band on the rev counter move up and down the 
scale.

 At the end of the straight is an unusual chicane called the Variante Ascari.

  Pause the simulation again and study it on the map.  Try to memorize the 
shape of all the bends, then continue and try to drive through the series of
bends.

  Gradually, you will find that the more you know about the approaching 
corner the easier they will be able to drive through at the the correct 
speed.

  Accelerate along the straight and see if the automatic gear change will put
you into 6th gear before the auto-brakes slow you down for the Curva 
Parabolica.  Don't worry if it doesn't.  Try to accelerate around this bend.
As you come out of the corner you will see two granstands, the pits and a 
yellow dotted line that marks the pit lane enterance.  Keep following the 
white dotted line.

  You are now on the finishing straight.

  You will then see the Starting Grid, the 26 spaces where the cars are 
placed to start the race and a thick solid white line across the track will
mark the end of one lap.

  Cross this line (the start/finish line).  This is the end of the first lap
but you will not be given a lap time until you complete started from the 
Start/Finish Line.

  Continue into another lap.  Try to remember the corners and the straights.
Glance at the map occasionally.  When you complete the lap you will be given
a lap time.  Try another lap.  Try to be faster!

CONTROLLING YOU'RE OWN BRAKES
-----------------------------

  When you feel confident of racing around the circuit.  Press Function Key 
F1.  Check that the first symbol light has gone out. Now, you will have 
control your own brakes.

  Remember how brakes are operated by your controller.  Check the diagrams at
the begining of this section.  This time you will have to cope wit braking 
and steering round the same bends.
  
  Try another lap of Monza.  It will feel different this time but try to
gauge the right moment to apply the brakes.

CONTROLLING YOUR OWN GEARS
--------------------------

  Stop on a straight part of the circuit.

  After coming to terms with using the brakes, press Function Key F2 once,
and then press Function Key F6.  This will cancel the Auto Gear change and 
switch Šon the suggested  gear indicator.  The 'Gate' symbol should go out 
and a blue indicator will appear just below the red gear indicator.  Now you
will be in control of all gear changes but when you see a number in the blue
circle that will be the suggested gear to be in at the following corner.

  Check the method of gear change for your controller (refer to the 
quickstart diagrams).  Practise changing gear and watch the red gear 
indicator.  Try to get N on the indicator.  When you are in Neutral, 
accelerate.  The engine should rev and make a high pitch noise.  The red 
indicator should move across the curved r.p.m. scale.  Don't worry about 
damaging the engine.

  Push the accelerator until the red band is around the 11 mark and then 
press the selector to change gear but keep it pressed in.

  You should have changed into 1st gear; shown by the 1 on the gear change 
indicator. (If not then the controller was not pressed forward when you 
pressed the selector, try it again).  You will not be moving forward becoz 
you are holding the car on the clutch (the selector pressed and held).

  Now, with the controller pressed forward.  Listen to the change of tone in
the engine noise.  The mph indicator should show the speed you are travelling
at.

  Accelerate again and watch the red power band get to about 12 on the dial,
then change up again in the same way as before.  The indicator will now 
show 2.

  Try to change up to at least fourth gear.

  Then try changing down to take a bend by taking note of the suggested gear
indicator (the number in the blue circle).  Note that is not necessary to 
brake when changing down.

  Gear changing is difficult to master even if you are a seasoned driver but
try to experiment with the gear shift.  You have 6 foreward gears, Neutral, 
Power Turn ( you can only change down to this gear) and Reverse.

  When you are in reverse you will see R on the gear indicator.  Accelerate 
with the controller, just like in a real car, to move backwards.

DRIVING INTO THE PITS
---------------------

  When you are familiar with the Monza circuit and the basic car controls, 
practise driving into the pits.  The Pits are where all repairs are carried 
out and where you are fitted with new tyres.

  You will have noticed the yellow dotted line just before the grandstand 
straight .  This is the line leading into the pit lane.

  Drive a complete circuit, during which at any time, you may press 'Return' 
to inform your pit crew of your intention to stop.  You will see  the pit 
signal on your instrument panel light up in yellow this enables you to enter 
when you see the dotted line.  Drive slowly into the pit lane.  You may see 
several pit crews waiting.  As you continue forward motion aim the car towards
the pit bays. The programme will direct you into the correct bay but you must 
brake just in front of the crewman directly ahead of you.

  You will be jacked up and a sign placed in front of the car telling you to 
keep your brakes on.  A selection of tyres appears on the digital display but
don't worry about this for now.  Press the selector and you will be jacked 
down.  You can now drive from the pits, weave through the pit lane, then 
carefully re-join the circuit.

A TIMED PRACTISE/QUALIFYING SESSION
-----------------------------------

  Press ESC to return to the main menu.  Choose Non Championship Race then 
Qualifying/Timed Practise.  You will be placed back in the Pits, jacked up 
but this time you will have a monitor appear in front of your car.  It will 
list drivers in the Qualifying session including yourself (highlighted).  
You will Šalso see the Tyre choice display A B C D Q W.

 Q should be chosen but try to move the controller left/right to see the 
effect.  Then back to Q.  You will be running on Qualifying tyres.  Good for
about 3 fast laps.  You have four sets for this session but you can use other
tyres if you wish.

  You are still in rookie level.  If you want to drive with auto gears, auto
brakes or any other driving aids on you can.

  Press Selector.  The monitor will move out of your way and your car will be
jacked down.

  Drive away from the pits on to the circuit then complete one lap.  You will
not be timed until you have passed the start/finish line.  The you will see 
that the car timer has begun.  Race around the circuit for one lap then, as 
you cross the line your lap time will be displayed.  You should return to the
pits now, but if you were held up for some reason there may be enough time 
left in your tyres for another fast lap.  Don't push your luck too soon, 
unless you want to find out what its like to drive on bald tyres!

  Drive to your bay, wait to be jacked up.  The monitor should reappear in 
front of you with various times from other drivers in the Timed Practise 
session.  The session lasts up to 2 hours.  To speed up the time, Accelerate 
with the controller.  The other drivers times will  appear very quickly.  If
Šyou want to go out and beat a particular fast time Accelerate with the 
controller again to switch off Accelerated Time, then return to the circuit
in the usual way.  If you want to leave the session press Esc, but all Non-
selected drivers will complete at least 1 lap in Accelerated Time before the
is implemented.

  When the Qualifying session is over, you will be shown the results.  
Select 'Continue' and you will be given the option of a Pre-Race Practise 
Session.  Do not choose this but go straight to the race itself.

A NON CHAMPIONSHIP RACE
-----------------------

  You will find yourself on the Starting Grid at Monza with 25 other cars. 
If you have achieved a reasonable lap time you will be placed relative to 
the other driver's performance.  If you failed to get a time, got a bad time,
or have just jumped in at this stage, then you will begin from the rear of 
the grid.

  Wherever you are, you will see the starting gantry: a bank of 3 red lights
and a bank of 3 green lights.  None should be alluminated.

  Wait for the red lights to come on.  That is the warning that the start 
will take place within 4 to 7 seconds.  Hold the car on the 'Clutch' with the
1st gear engaged (see earlier).

  When the green lights come on, accelerate!

  Try to keep out of trouble for the first bend until the cars sort 
themselves out.

  Race around the circuit for the number of laps shown on the display but 
keep an eye on the Pits indicator (bottom right in the cockpit).  If it turns
yellow you are being called by radio to go into the Pits to change tyres, or
repair damage.  Drive into the pits as soon as possible, you will loose 
performance if you don't change your tyres.  The pit stop will be timed!  If
you do not wish to pit inform the pit crew by pressing 'return', which 
cancels the pit signal.

  Complete the required number of laps.  When the race is over you will lose
power and then will be shown the results screen.  If you wish to retire early
from the race then press 'ESC'.  The race will then be completed for the 
other drivers in accelerated time.

QUICK GUIDE TO WINNING THE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
---------------------------------------------

  The other circuits

  If you think you know Monza quite well, after following the Quickstart 
tutorial, then you must study all other 15 tracks with the same equal 
intensity to win the World Championship.  You can win the World Championship
at the lower performance but you must know the courses like the back of your
hand.
  Making use of Driving Aids

  You may find that you start the season off with all driving aids on but as
you progress you might prefer to control your own brakes and gears.  If you
win a World Championship, you will win only at the lowest level.  You cannot
use any driving aids at ACE level.

  Proberly the most difficult part of the simulation to master is the correct
driving line.  To win the Championship at Ace level you'll have to get used
to driving without it.  Press Function Key F5 to turn off the ideal line and
try to drive around a circuit without it.  You will find that the most 
important guide will be the colouered rumble strip kerbs that appear on the 
approach of each corner.  Try to remember the places where you begin to 
brake and turn on the approach to each bend and consult the manual Driving 
Hints on pages 122-143.

  Making use of the manual

  The back pages of any computer simulation manual are sometimes seen as 
unimportant to the winning of the game but it is recommended that you read 
all of the manual.  It will give you a complete understanding of attitude, 
general approach to races and other drivers on the circuit plus numerous 
hints and tips to help you win.  Remember that Microprose Formula One Grand 
Prix is a simulation not just a racing game.

METHODS OF CONTROL
------------------

  This manual will refer to the Accelerator, the Brake, Changing Gear and 
Steering.  You will be able to control these functions by keyboard and 
joystick.

  Keyboard/Joystick (Key K)

  Key K toggles Keyboard/Joystick mode.

  Joystick    = Controller

  Fire button = Selector

  A/Z         = Controller-Accelerate/Brake

  </>         = Controller-Steer Left/Right

  Spacebar    = Selector

  NB In joystick mode all Keyboard Control buttons are disabled, except when
the the menus are shown.

  For imformation about the Controllers on your computer please refer to 
tecnical supplement.

  Microprose Formula One Grand Prix does not support mouse control, except 
when the menus are shown.

SOUND
-----

  The sound of the Formula One engine is very important in the simulation for, Šas in real racing, it is a good indication of when to change gear.

  Sound (+/-)

  Turn the sound level up and down with the +/- keys.

BASIC DRIVING CONTROLS
----------------------

  Gear change: Up

  The sequence is Reverse-Neutral-1st-2nd-3rd-4th-5th-6th.

  Start in Neutral.  Accelerate with the controller and press the selector 
once, the red gear indicator will show 1 and the car will begin to move.  
Accelerate again until the red power band is between 11 and 12 then while 
still accelerating, press the selector.  You will now have changed gear, the
indicator shows the number 2 and the tone of the engine changes.  Accelerate
again you have now changed up into third gear!

  Gear change: Down

  The sequence is 6th-5th-4th-3rd-2nd-1st-Power turn-Neutral-Reverse.

  With the controller not accelerating, press the selector.  The number on 
the gear indicator will change down.

  Power turn

  You can only change down into this gear.  If you have not implemented 
Function key F3 or are on a racing level that does not allow you to use it, 
you may recover from any spin by changing down to this gear.  The red 
indicator will show;

                                      __
                                     /  \        
                                     | \|/
                                     |


  To straighten out a spin, accelerate from rest, steering momentarily in the
opposite direction to where you want to turn, before steering in the desired
direction, keeping the accelerator depressed throughout, but change into 1st
gear as soon as you are facing the right direction.

  Reverse

  You must change down into Reverse.  Once the R appears on the inicator 
accelerate with the controller, as in a real car, to move backwards.

COCKPIT CONTROLS
----------------

  Summary

  Before you start any race, qualifying lap, or practise session you must 
familiarise yourself with the Microprose Formula One car cockpit.  You must 
be able to take in all the information presented to you at a glance, becoz 
at the speeds you will be travelling on circuits such as Monza, a lost second
is all it takes to making a difference between a devastating shunt and a 
brilliant overtaking manoeurre.  At 200mph the car will travel 90 meters in
that second!

  Its very important to know who is behind you and who is trying to overtake.
Some cars may weave from side to side looking for an opening at a crucial 
corner, be concious of their presense.  They will try to pass, if you show 
any weakness or leave a gap they might dart past.  Whilst not advocating a 
breach of Racing Eiquette it is not unusual for drivers to 'shut the door' 
on cars behind them.

  Five levels of difficulty (Accessed from the main menu)

  The difficulty level you have chosen is shown by five lights in a row on 
the left of the steering wheel.  If the lowest green light is shining then 
you are racing at Rookie level, if the highest light is on the you are 
competing at Ace level.  The levels are related to and control the number of
driving aids you can access.

  The levels are:		Ace

			        Pro

				Semi-pro

				Amateur

				Rookie
 
  Distribution of performance (Accessed from main menu)

  Just below the difficulty level inicators there is a panel that shows your
choice for the distribution of performance among the other drivers.

	/  1991 performance for teams and drivers

	-  All teams and drivers at the same potential performance

      \/\/ Random distribution of performance throughout the grid

  The rev Counter

  In the center of the screen just below the top of the steering wheel you 
will see the Rev Counter, along Sweeping dial that shows your engine's rpm 
in 1000's from 7 to 14.  If you 'blip'the accelerator to rev the engine in 
Neutral you will notice that a red band moves across the dial.  This is the 
most important indicator of how fast your engine is running when in a 
particular gear.

  You must be aware of being in the right gear at the right moment.  
The basic guideline is to try and keep the revs up between 10,000 and 12,000
rpm.  Changing into a wrong gear will lose you power or you may overrev and 
damage your engine.  You should always know the optimum point on the rev 
counter for the gear changes in order to drop the engine back into the 
meatiest part of its powerband.

  Gear indicator

  To the right of the steering wheels the Gear indicator.  This tells you 
which gear you are in.  There are 6 forward gears, Neutral N, Reverse R, and
a spin recovery gear.

  Suggested gear indicator (Activated by F6)

  If F6 driving aid is implemented you will see a blue indicator just below 
the normal red gear indicator that tells you the suggested gear to be in at 
the next corner.  This is an 'intelligent' aid that will vary depending on 
the car set up;wings, brakes, gears and tyres.

  Driver status indicator

  On the right of the steering wheel there is another small LED.  If it is 
green then you are currently in your own car cockpit.  If you choose to see 
other drivers cockpit view by pressing the up/down arrows, the light will go
off.  Unless you are in Replay mode,  use this facility at your peril for the
car will not be controlled by the computer.

  Detail on / off (ALT D)

  Just below the gear indicator is the Detail On/Off indicator.  There are 
three levels of detail and you may step between them by pressing alt/D.

  At the highest level 2 green triangles are illuminated, and you will see 
all the scenary, stands and spectators.

  Press Alt/D Once and you remove all large buildings.

  Press Alt/D again: smaller buildings, trees and bushes will disappear.

  A further press will return all original track and landscape details.

  0^0     Damage Indicator
  /|\
  0|0     Below the detail adjust indicator is the damage indicator operated
          by radio telemtry from the pits.  This shows damage to front and/or
          rear wings, and if lit, extreme caution is advised in driving.                                                       		          Returning to the pit
s will repair any damage.

  []      Pits Indicator

          Below the damage Indicator is the pits indicator operated by radio
          telemtry from the pits.
          
  There are three modes:

  GREY	Pits are empty.  Call in any time.

  YELLOW  You have been called in to the pits or have indicated an intention
to call in.  

  RED     Pits are occupied by your team car.  The pit crew is not available
to you, so you may have to wait longer if you go in.

  Driving aids

  The Driving Aid panel is the bank of 6 boxes directly below the rev 
counter.  Driving aids correspond directly to the difficulty level you have 
chosen.

  F1 Auto Brakes   ()	        The computer applies braking functions for 
                                you suit the circuit, but will not brake 
                                to avoid other cars

  F2 Auto Gears    HH	        The computer changes all gears for you when it
                                thinks it is the appropiate moment.

  F3 Self correcting spin /|\   In the event of you spinning off the track,
                                when you have come to rest, the computer
                                will point you in the correct direction to
                                continue the race, assuming you are in a fit
                                state of repair.

  F4 Indestructible mode /\     No damage will be sustained in this mode, no
                         \/     matter how serious the shunt.

  F5 Ideal line          --     This lays down a white striped line to show
                                you the best line to drive on the circuit you
                                have chosen.  Idealy, you must keep the line 
                                on the centre point of the cockpit to get the
                                benifit of the best driving line.

  F6 Suggested gear     (      Indicates which gear to be in at the following
                               corner.

  The Driving Aids F1 to F6 can be turned on at any time from the cockpit if
you are in the Rookie Mode.  However if you are racing at higher levels you 
will have less help available to you.

  Level of difficulty/Driving Aids Available Summary

	ACE			No Driving Aids

	PRO			F5, F6

	SEMI-PRO		F3, F4, F5, F6

	AMATEUR		        F2, F3, F4, F5, F6

	ROOKIE		        F1, F2, F3, F4, F5, F6

  When you are jacked up in the pits the top row on the digital readout panel
will change to:

  TYRES: A B C D Q W	Move the Controller left/right to select choice of 
tyres from Wets, Compounds A (Hard) to D (Soft) and Qualifyers.

  Qualifying/Practise Display:

  KM/MPH			Your speed around the circuit.

  CAR				Your team car number

  POS				Your current position on the grid

  LAPTIME			Your current laptime

  BEST  			Your previous best laptime

  Brake with the controller to access the car-set-up menus.
  
  Racing Display:

  KM/MPH			Your speed

  LAP/OF			Your current lap out of total

  CAR				Your car number

  POS				Your current position in the race.

  Key N will display the name of the current car driver on the Digital 
Display.

THE PITS
--------

  You begin any practise or timed/qualifying session in the pit lane.  From 
here you can choose to drive straight away with the current Set-Up, or change
any of the car settings.  You can also drive into the pits at any time during
a practise to change your car Set-Up.

  For the Rookie Driver the car Set-Up will seem very complex at first.  Do 
not worry!  Accept the current Set-Up, learn to drive fast around the 
circuits, then return to this section and adjust the settings.  Do not adjust
more than one setting at a time before trying it out on a practise session.
That is when you will notice the difference in performance.

  Each of the 16 circuits is unique so it's necessary to Set-Up your Formula
One Car with the correct combination of Wing, Gear Ratios, Brake Balance and
Tyres.  You are advised to study the track layouts in this manual and take not
of all the track notes and summaries; these will give you an indication of 
the type of car set-up required but there is no substitute for experience. 
Try a few laps with the various settings , get an idea of how the car is
running through corners and along straights.  Compare your performance with 
other cars in practise go into the pits and adjust a setting then try again.

  If you are having problems with your car set up and are finding it 
difficult, for example to drive into corners please consult the set-up 
problem chart at the end of this chapter.

CAR SET UP OPTIONS
------------------

  Front/Rear Wing Downforce Adjust.

  In general terms the wings on a formula one racer push the car down on the
track.  This achieves more grip and less roll giving better control in the 
corners but less speed on the straights because of more drag.

  You can adjust the amount of front and rear wing used by the car.  This is
on a scale from 1 to 64.  The higher the number, the more Downforce.  Adjust
the wing front/back by selecting +/-.

  Front/Rear Brake Balance.

  Grand Prix cars have a low centre of gravity, centered just behind the 
driver.  If you brake hard at speed the weight shifts onto the front of the 
car.  Therefore brakes must be balanced to cope with the transfer of weight 
during decelleration (slowing down).

  You can change the brake balance of your car by altering the way in which 
the front and rear brakes are applied.  It's best to have more brake bias at
the front than the rear.  Idealy, as soon as the front wheels begin to feel 
the effect of the brakes, the rear wheels should just be begining to slow 
down.

  The scale goes from 32 at the Rear to Zero in the middle to 32at the Front.
Move the slider to give you the correct degree of balance.

  Gear Ratios

  You must set the gear ratios of your gearbox to suit each circuit.  This is
usually done by setting 6th gear for the fastest possible speed along the 
longest straight; then setting the lowest gear for the slowest corner.  The 
rest of the gears are ranged somewhere between the two.

  Gear ratio selection is very important.  Different cogs can be fitted to 
the gearbox which can give a major effect on the car's acceleration, 
peformance in the  bends and the top speed.

  Twisty circuits with few long straights and plenty of chicanes demamnd 
'short' gearing for quick acceleration.

  Other circuits with longs straights require 'long' gearing to give the car the top speed it will need to keep up with opposition.

  The gearbox has a range from 1 to 64.  Move the slider to set the ratio for
each gear.

  The nearer the cogs are to each other, the less work the lower gear has to
do to get to the higher gear (short gearing).

  The further away the cogs are from each other the more work it has to do to
get up into the higher gear but the faster the speed at top gear (long 
gearing).

  Tyre Choice

  You can choose from a variety of tyres when you are in racing trim and you
can choose qualifying tyres when you are participating in timed practise/
qualifying and when you are ready to do a 'hot lap', otherwise you can use 
any of the other compounds.  Remember, you are limited to 4 sets of 
Qualifyers.

  To change tyres, enter the pits during a race/practise when the Pits 
Indicator signals that your tyres need changing, or press Return to 
indicate that you are coming in.  Or, if in practise mode, press Q to quit a
timed lap Immediately.

  When you are jacked up, move the controller left/right to make your tyre 
selection.

	'D' COMPOUND / VERY SOFT

	Spongy tyres that give excellent dry condition grip but wear out
quite rapidly and will not last the whole race.

	'C' COMPOUND / SOFT

	These provide slightly less grip than D's but are harder wearing. 
You will probably need to change these at least once during a normal race.

	'B' COMPOUND / MEDIUM

	These provide less grip than C's on the track but they are quite hard
wearing and will usually last for the whole race without needing to be 
changed.

	'A' COMPOUND / HARD

	A hard tyre that will definitely last a complete race but with less 
grip in the corners than B's.

	Q-QUALIFYING TYRES

	Good for aproximately THREE laps, including the starting and slowing
down lap.  Ultra sticky therefore they lack durability.  You are limited to 4
sets per qualifying period.  It's sometimes possible to squeeze and extra lap
out of these tyres, if your careful.

	W-WETS

	These tyres have tread for wet weather driving.  If the race is in
wet conditions, Wets are already fitted.

  Quit session (ESC)

  You can choose to the end of your current session by pressing ESC.

  Save the Car Set-Up

  You can save the Set-Up you have chosen for your car when you are in the 
pits, by pulling back on the controller, to access the set-up options.
  	

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
|   PROBLEM    |     CAUSE      |     REMEDY       |     FURTHER OPTIONS   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| The car does |  Understeer    | Increase front   | Move brake balance    |
| not want to  |                | wing/perhaps     | towards rear/install  |
| steer into   |                | decrease rear    | softer tyres.         |
| corners      |                | wing             |                       |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| The car wants|  Oversteer     | Decrease front   | Move brake balance to |
| to turn into |                | wing/increase    | the front / fit harder|
| the corners  |                | rear wing        | tyres                 |
| too quickly  |                |                  |                       |
| or spins too |                |		   |			   |
| easily when  |	        | 		   |	                   |
| cornering    |		|		   |			   |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Other cars   | Too much down- | Reduce wings     | Fit softer compound   |
| are much     | force/gear     | front and rear / | for quicker cornering/|
| faster on the| ratio too short| space out higher | check driving line.   |
| long straight| /not enough    | gear ratios/use  |                       |
|              | speed through  | more throttle    | 		           |
|	       | the previous   | 	           | 	                   |
|	       | corner		|	           |		           |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Car does not | Not enough down| Increase wing    | Select softer compound|
| grip in the  | force/too high | front and back / | tyres                 |
| corners other| a speed        | slow down        |		           |
| cars are     |		|	           |		           |
| faster in the|		|		   | 		           |
| corners      |		|		   |		           |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| In wet race  | Lack of grip   | Fit wet tyres    |Adjust driving style to|
| car loses all| from tyres     |		   | suit conditions       |
| control      |	        |		   |		           |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| The car lacks| Gear ratios too| Close down gaps  | Fit softer tyre if    |
| acceleration | long           | between gears    | wheelspin is apparent |
| over short   |		|		   |		           |
| distances    |		|		   | 		           |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| The car has a| Underbraking / | Move Brake	   | Softer tyres /increase|
| tendancy to  | braking too    | balance towards  | wings		   |
| spin off when| late 	        | the front/brake  | 		           |
| braking into |                |                  |                       |
| corners      |	        |	           |		           |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| The car is   | Gearing	| Lengthen the     | Reduce wing           |
| slow in      |                | gears            |   			   |
| corners or on|		| 	           |		           |
| straights    |	        |		   |		           |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Gradual loss | Tyres wearing  | Fit new set of   | None	           |
|     of       | out            | tyres            |                       |
| performance  | 	        |                  |			   |
---------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Tyres wearing| Wrong compound | Fit harder       | None		   |
| out quickly  | tyres fitted   | compound tyres   |		           |
|              | for car as     | / lessen wing    |		           |
|              | currently set- | downforce        | 		           |
|              | up             |                  |   			   |
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

CAMERAS, VIEWS AND ACTION REPLAYS
---------------------------------

  The camera can be moved around at any time by using the camera control 
keys.  Some camera options are mainly suitable for reply or when you are out
of a race and watching other cars.  It would be difficult to drive from those
viewpoints.

TRACKSIDE CAMERA VIEWS
----------------------

  (Left/Right Arrow Keys)

  You can view all the action centered on any car at any time during a race 
by pressing the Left Arrow Key.  The Right Arrow Key will return you to the 
cockpit.

CHASE VIEW
----------

  (Help Key)

  You can view any car from just behind and above the cockpit.

REVESE CHASE VIEW
-----------------

  (Undo Key)

  View any car from the front with all the action behind it.

OTHER CAR VIEWS
---------------

  (Up Arrow / Down Arrow / Home)

  You can move forward into the cockpit of the car ahead by pressing the Up 
Arrow Key.  Further presses will move forward one car per press.

  Similarly, you can move back one back one car by pressing the Down Arrow 
Key and further presses will move you further back.  Home will return you to
your own car.  A small LED on the right of the control panel will light up 
when you are in your own car but will go out when viewing from other
cockpits.

  Remember,  Your car is a risk if you use this option outside of replay
mode.

REPLAY MODE
-----------
  (Pause/replay (R))

  The Pause button pauses the action and R replays the previous 20 seconds of
action.  You can freely move the camera around during Replay.  At the end of
Replay the game is left paused, ready to continue the race.  At this point,
you can un pause the game and the camera will return to its original position
, and you will be back in control of your car.  Or if you wish, press R for 
another Replay with the camera starting from its current position.  There is 
no limit to the number of times you can replay an event on the track.

OTHER ACTION REPLAY MODE
------------------------

  (Insert)

  After receiving a message that a car is out of the race, then if the action is 
still recent, you can see a replay of the event by pressing pause the insert.
This operates on a normal Replay, but the camera starts with the car in 
question.  If the event is not recent enough, then 'Insert' will have no 
effect.

DEMO MODE
---------

  You can watch a race in demo mode from any circuit by deselecting all 
drivers then entering any driving or race mode.  It's often a good way of see
the circuit; how fast it is; how twisty.  It will also help if you have the
manual open on the circuit diagram; follow the car as it races through the 
straights and corners, watch where most drivers overtake and take note of 
such features as 'slipstreaming'.  Press ESC to Return to main menu.

WEATHER, CRASHES AND DISCIPLINE
-------------------------------

  Wet weather

  Some races in the Grand Prix season may take place in rainy conditions.  
The sky will be grey and your car will already be fitted with wet tyres. If
you want to survive in the race you must drive carefully.  You will be 
notified of impending danger by marshals waving a yellow flag.

  Spinning off

  The most common spin causing you to leave to circuit occurs when you take a
bend too quickly.  You will find this will happen quite often at first.  If 
the circuit is one with wide grassy areas and run off strips then you can 
rejoin the race but will find it slow trying to accelerate smooth Grand Prix
tyres on slippy surfaces.  You are advised to drop to the spin recovery gear,
straighten up, then engage 1st gear.  Watch out for faster cars crossing your
path, and get back to the track.  Your tyres might feel strange for a while.

  Crashes

 Crashing into other cars on the circuit may damage both vehicles, one of you
may go into an uncontrollable spin.  If you can still race then the damage 
will not be serious enough to stop you competing but you may enter the pits 
as soon as possible for repairs.  Crashing into walls or barriers will have
a simular effect.

  There are 3 levels of crash that will put you out of the race.  If you have 
crashed, you might be lifted off the track by the crane or pushed out of the
way by marshals.

  If you have substained a crash that has ended your chances in a 
championship race you can choose to speed up the events and get the race 
result or watch the race unfold from another drivers cockpit.  When you are 
Practising any circuit you can start again with a spare car from the pits.

  Race Circuit Disipline

  You are warned of any dangerous incident such as a shunt by a yellow flag.

  A green flag will inform you that all is clear.

  Consult the Flags section in this manual for a full description of racing 
flags.

MULTI-PLAYER MODE
-----------------

  By selecting more than one driver you can implement Multi-player mode on 
any race.

 The programme will allocate equal time slots to each driver.  For example, 
if two players wish to compete in a ten lap race, they each enter their 
names at the driver selection menu, the computer then chooses one player to
drive first and drives the other car as well as all the remaining cars on 
the grid.

  A 'programme manager' will allocate equal time for each driver and give a 
warning of change over.  The single LED on the right of the steering wheel 
will flash red for 15 seconds to warn the current player of change over. 
Then a five second warning is given before the computer takes control of the
current player's car.  The camera view then changes to the next player's car,
which is being controlled by  the computer.  Another 5 second warning is 
given before control passes to the next player.  The option to pause and 
replay could be used during this period if the new player wishes to see more
of his car's recent action.

  The players can control the number of changeovers which occur during the 
race by specifying the number of turns per player in the Game Options Menu.

  Remember to set-up enough laps for each person to get a good drive.

FLAGS
-----

RACE MARSHAL'S FLAGS
--------------------

	STARTING FLAG           This is usually the national flag of the 
                                country hosting the Grand Prix but it must 
				not be simular to any other flag used by the 
				marshals.  The starting signal must be given 
				by lowering the flag.

	FINISHING FLAG		A black and white chequered flag waved at the
				cars on the finishing line.

	RED FLAG		Indicates that the race has been stopped by
				the Clerk of the course.  It is displayed
            			motionless.  all drivers must stop racing 
				imediately and proceed to the pits.

	BLACK N WHITE FLAG  (Divided diagonally) Shown motionless with a
			        white number on the blackboard.  This is a 
				warning to the driver of unsportmanlike 
				behaviour.

OBSERVATION POST FLAGS
----------------------

	BLACK FLAG		Shown motionless, together with a white 
				number on a blackboard.  Informs the driver 
 				of the car that must stop at his pits on the
				 next lap.

	BLACK FLAG with a   	Shown with a white number on a black 
	40cm diameter		signalling board.  Informs the driver that
	orange disc	 	his car has mechanical problems, likely to 
				endanger himself and others.  Driver must 
				stop at his pit on the next lap.

	YELLOW FLAG         	The Signal of danger or a situation of 
				danger.  Slow down, prepare to stop.  Keep
			 	your position and do not overtake until you 
				see the green flag.

	YELLOW FLAG		Deterioration of adhesion.  Tells the drivers
	with red stripes	that the grip on the track surface has 
				suddenly deteriorated in the area after the 
				flag.  This is usually the flag used when oil
 				has been dropped on the track, a pool of 
				water is causing aquaplaning or there is a 
				sudden change from a dry to a slippery
			        surface.

	RED FLAG	        Stopping the race (see above)

	GREEN FLAG		All clear.  This is used at the end of a 
				danger area controlled by the yellow flags.

	WHITE FLAG		Slow moving vehicle on track.  This tells the 
				drivers that they are about to overtake a 
				vehicle which is traveling at a much slower 
				speed than the competing cars.

	LIGHT BLUE FLAG		The overtaking signal.  Waved, it informs the
			 	driver that he is going to be overtaken by 
				one of the more faster cars.  Shown 
				motionless means that the faster car is still
 				some distance away.


                     ALL DOX TYPED BY THOR OF PLASMA UK.
                     -----------------------------------

                ALSO AVAILABLE THE FORMULA ONE QUICK KEY GUIDE
                ----------------------------------------------
